>> Speaker 1: Web performance, this is
a word that gets thrown around a lot, and
not everybody knows what it means or
what exactly it means to be fast.
It's the speed and
efficiency with which your website loads,
renders and responds to
the interactions of the visitors.
It's not just how fast
the initial thing loads,
it's a bunch of other kinda
perceptible things about it.
If your website loads fast, but when the
user clicks a button, it feels sluggish,
the user will still think it's slow.
And so there's a lot of different
factors that come into this.
A slow page could be the users waiting
a long time for the page to feel like it's
loaded, to feel like it's done,
to feel like the user can interact.
Elements could jump around during that
phase, and the user will feel like,
this is unpredictable, and
that makes them feel slow.
Delays when the user clicks on something,
the images or
videos are slow to load or play,
and laggy scrolls and animation.
All of these things are factors that
could mean why your website is slow.
But talking about that is one thing,
let's experience it.
So we're gonna jump in and
I'm going to show off our application,
Developer Stickers Online.
We're gonna talk a lot about that today.
This is a little sample e-commerce
store that I built for this workshop,
that sells some stickers that
I've designed over the years.
It doesn't really sell them, but
it's an e commerce site that looks fun.
This is the GitHub repository
that I had us pull down,
now I'm just gonna quickly do NPM
install to pull down the dependencies,
make sure everything runs,
everything should be cool.
And NPM start.
>> Speaker 1: All right, so
I just started this thing up,
let's have a look at what
this thing looks like.
So we're gonna go to localhost,
port 3000 and load this thing up.
And you can already tell this
thing is gonna be a bit of a dog.
There's a lot going on here, there's these
images that are just crawling in place.
There's stuff that kinda moves around,
we're still loading and
we're like seconds in, and
this promo bar pops in.
There's ton of problems that we're going
to solve as part of the course today.
If we go and take a look at DevTools,
this is gonna show us a lot
of things that are happening.
We're seeing some bad scores
getting popped into the console,
some bad performance scores.
We can see some things just
dragging in the network,
the finish being 17.8 seconds
with 20 megs of resources.
The performance panel is like crazy,
it stretches from 0 seconds all the way
out to 24 seconds with all kinds
of warnings and alerts and chains.
Now, we're gonna spend
a bunch of time today, and
we're gonna go through what
everything here means.
You're gonna know how to
use the performance panel,
how to use the network panel, how to use
all of these tools to really optimize
the performance of your website and
understand where things slow down.